fix: native ios includes device (#2453)
pypa/cibuildwheel: docs/options.md

- Pyodide: `wasm32`
- iOS: `arm64_iphoneos` `arm64_iphonesimulator` `x86_64_iphonesimulator`
- `auto`: The default archs for your machine - see the table below.

>     - `auto64`: Just the 64-bit auto arch[^iosarch]

Reviewer: This footnote ends up at the bottom of the whole page, I'll see about moving it up to be more colocated somehow...

    - `auto32`: Just the 32-bit auto arch
- `native`: the native arch of the build machine - Matches [`platform.machine()`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/platform.html#platform.machine).[^iosarch]
- `all` : expands to all the architectures supported on this OS. You may want
  to use [`build`](#build-skip) with this option to target specific
  architectures via build selectors.

[^iosarch]: For iOS, both `arm64_iphoneos` and `arm64_iphonesimulator` are built on `arm64`.

Linux riscv64 platform support is experimental and requires an explicit opt-in through [`enable`](#enable).

Default: `auto`

!!! warning

>     The `auto` option is the current default, but 32-bit Linux builds are deprecated and not available on modern manylinux images. Modern Windows (Windows 11) does not come in a 32-bit version either, so we may change the default to `native` in a future version. Please explicitly specify `auto` if you want to keep the 32-bit builds, or specify `auto64` or `native`.

Reviewer: I still struggle with this logic... I think that setting an option to 'auto' means you're telling the tool 'do what you normally do'. So explicitly setting an option to 'auto' feels redundant. And, if we change the default to 'native' then a user setting an option to 'auto' doesn't self-describe what the intention is - they'd always want to add a comment to that config to say 'include i686 builds' or such.

I'd like to spend a bit more time thinking about the design. Maybe we can make the recommendation a little more explicit, to keep our design options open...

```suggestion
    The default includes Linux `i686` and Windows `x86`, but 32-bit Linux builds are deprecated and not available on modern manylinux images, and modern Windows (Windows 11) does not come in a 32-bit version either. So, we may remove these archs in a future release. Please explicitly specify `x86_64 i686` on Linux Intel, or `AMD64 x86` on Windows if you don't want to be affected by this change.
```

Reviewer 2: >  I think that setting an option to 'auto' means you're telling the tool 'do what you normally do'. So explicitly setting an option to 'auto' feels redundant.

My understanding of `auto` is not the same and has nothing to do with the default setting of the tool itself.
I understand `auto` as "build & test everything you can on this system that does not require emulation".

"do what you normally do" is the default we configure and can be different from `auto`. Changing the default to `native` makes sense to me. Once this becomes the default, we might want to deprecate `auto*` and we could then drop `auto*` altogether in a future version IMHO (in case of an override, it will be clearer to request 2 explicit architectures rather than `auto`, as mentioned in the previous comment).

Author: Tools don't always set the "auto" setting as the default. Tools often have "off" as default, but allow an "auto" to be enabled. I think backward compatibility for the thousands of users of cibuildwheel is more important than trying to avoid having a default that is not "auto". That doesn't mean we must go that way, but we should consider it as an option.

I'll write more in the issue.
